the knowledge we’re teaching in this course is fundamental - you need to know it to be able to accomplish more complex tasks later.

 However, you should note that the material generated by these tools may be inaccurate, incomplete, or otherwise problematic. Beware that overuse of AI may stifle your own independent thinking and creativity, and use any tools (for generating text, code, video, audio, images, or translation) wisely and carefully.
You may not submit any work generated by an AI program as your own. If you include material—including both ideas and language—generated by an AI program, it should be cited like any other reference material, both in this course and at Macalester College in general. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.

AI can both interfere with and enhance our capacity to learn. We must be mindful of when it might hinder us and when it might provide us with new understanding and/or assistance. 

earning to use AI responsibly and ethically is an important skill in today’s society. Be aware of the limits of conversational, generative AI tools such as ChatGPT.
Quality of your prompts: The quality of its output directly correlates to the quality of your input. Master “prompt engineering” by refining your prompts in order to get good outcomes.
Fact-check all of the AI outputs. Assume it is wrong unless you cross-check the claims with reliable sources. The currently AI models will confidently reassert factual errors. You will be responsible for any errors or omissions.
Full disclosure: Like any other tool, the use of AI should be acknowledged. At the end of your assignment, write a short paragraph to explain which AI tool and how you used it, if applicable. Include the prompts you used to get the results. Failure to do so is in violation of academic integrity policies. If you merely use the instructional AI embedded within Packback, no disclosure is needed. That is a pre-authorized tool.

crowdsourced knowledge

likely answers, not correct answers


may fabricate facts and inaccurately express ideas

If you provide minimum-effort prompts, you will get low-quality results. You will need to refine your prompts in order to get good outcomes. This will take work.
Don’t trust anything it says. If it gives you a number or fact, assume it is wrong unless you either know the answer or can check with another source. You will be responsible for any errors or omissions provided by the tool. It works best for topics you understand.
AI is a tool, but one that you need to acknowledge using. Please include a paragraph at the end of any assignment that uses AI explaining what you used the AI for and what prompts you used to get the results. Failure to do so is in violation of academic honesty policies.

human supervision is necessary to verify the quality and appropriateness of the output.


AI Acknowledgement: To promote transparency, every assignment must include an ""AI Acknowledgement"" section. This section should clearly explain how AI was employed in the preparation and composition of the assignment. This acknowledgement allows us to acknowledge the role of AI in the learning process and understand its impact on the work produced.

However, as with any other resource you use to aid your work in this course, you must acknowledge any and all AI tools that you use in the development of your work. 

Under what circumstances AI use is permitted or forbidden
How students should cite or credit AI
A warning about the technology’s tendency toward hallucination (i.e., deceptive data) and clear rules regarding students’ accountability for AI output
A notice about using AI ethically and responsibly
Discussion of the need to use AI as a tool to learn, not just to produce content


dos and don'ts